---
title: 'Vacation Rentals: The Smarter Choice'
path: /wp-6605/
date: '2015-07-09T06:01:00.000Z'
updatedDate: '2022-11-17T00:58:54.000Z'
description: >-
  What is a Vacation Rental? Vacation rentals come in all sizes and types:
  townhouses, condos, large ski houses, lake houses, lodges, chalets, cabins,
  and more. Vacation rentals are privately owned, so you when you rent on
legacyUrl: 'https://blog.hichee.com/?p=6605'
wordpressId: 6605
status: draft
categories:
  - uncategorized
tags: []
draft: true
contentType: post
---
<div class="post-body entry-content float-container" id="post-body-5399065149577161893">
<div style="text-align: justify;">
<b>What is a Vacation Rental?</b></div>
<div style="text-align: justify;">
Vacation rentals come in all sizes and types: townhouses, condos, large ski houses, lake houses, lodges, chalets, cabins, and more. Vacation rentals are privately owned, so you when you rent one you have the luxury of enjoying your own private amenities. A good vacation rental will provide amenities like towels, linens, cookware, and dishware so you can pack lightly and enjoy similar conveniences to that which you are familiar with in your own home. Many vacation rentals even come equipped with fireplaces, hot tubs, pool tables, foosball tables, hot tubs, and second living areas for added comfort and entertainment.</div>
<div style="text-align: justify;">
</div>
<div style="text-align: justify;">
<br />
<b>Vacation Rentals vs. Hotel Rooms</b></div>
<div style="text-align: justify;">
Why pay for a single hotel room when you can rent an entire vacation home? From affordable rentals to luxury estates (and everything in between) you can find a vacation rental that meets your needs. Staying in a vacation rental allows you to choose the type of vacation you want. Would you like to be on the mountain right in the heart of the action during the ski season? Would you prefer to be situated downtown walking distance to area restaurants or be on a convenient shuttle route? How about a more secluded or quiet location, possibly on the water, so you can squeeze in some quality family time when your not visitng the area&#8217;s main attractions?</div>
<div style="text-align: justify;">
</div>
<div style="text-align: justify;">
<br />
<b>Vacation Rentals Save Money</b></div>
<div style="text-align: justify;">
When you stay in a vacation rental you get access to comfortable amenities you won’t find at a hotel. Take advantage of the fully equipped kitchen to cook meals at home, instead of spending your cash to eat out every day. If you visit a particular location frequently enough, you may even consider splitting the cost of a house rental with friends or another family for the entire summer or winter season. When considering the added amenities and the space per square footage, it becomes obvious that vacation rentals are you best bet!</div>
</div>
<p>This article was first published at https://blog.connectingrentals.com/2009/09/why-vacation-rentals-are-smart-choice.html	</p>
