---
title: 'Travelling to Germany in 2024: A football fan’s guide'
path: /wp-82252/
date: '2023-11-24T23:18:38.000Z'
updatedDate: '2023-12-15T16:08:23.000Z'
description: >-
  Skyscanner Travel Expert shares insider information to help football fans plan
  their trip to Germany for the 2024 European tournament. Here, you’ll find
  expert travel advice and tips and to help you book your Germany 202
legacyUrl: 'https://blog.hichee.com/?p=82252'
wordpressId: 82252
status: draft
categories:
  - uncategorized
tags: []
featuredImage: 'https://blog.hichee.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/android-chrome-96x96-1.png'
featuredImageAlt: android-chrome-96&#215;96.png
draft: true
contentType: post
---
<p class="has-larken-font-family has-text-xxl-font-size">Skyscanner Travel Expert shares insider information to help football fans plan their trip to Germany for the 2024 European tournament. </p>
<p>Here, you’ll find expert travel advice and tips and to help you book your Germany 2024 football trip. Click the links below to take you to each section of the guide</p>
<hr class="wp-block-separator has-text-color has-sky-grey-tint-04-color has-css-opacity has-sky-grey-tint-04-background-color has-background is-style-wide" />
<h2 class="wp-block-heading" id="skyscanner-travel-experts-advice-for-booking-flights-to-germany-in-2024">Advice for booking flights to Germany in 2024  </h2>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">Whether you want to soak up the atmosphere and watch a game in one of Germany’s iconic beer halls, or you’re one of the lucky ones who’ve secured match tickets, check out Skyscanner Travel Expert Laura Lindsay’s top football travel hacks.  </p>
<h4 class="wp-block-heading has-text-h-4-font-size"><strong>Extend your trip either side</strong>:</h4>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size"> “The days immediately either side of any fixture will be the most expensive and will get cheaper the further out you go. Because some dates are more popular than others, prices will vary. <a href="https://www.skyscanner.net/news/search-tips-and-tools-browse-flight-prices-across-whole-month-and-year">Use Skyscanner’s Whole Month search tool</a> to see if there’s a bargain to be had by flying out a few days early or staying in your destination a bit longer.” </p>
<h4 class="wp-block-heading has-text-h-4-font-size"><strong>Think about different airports: </strong></h4>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">“Including ‘Add nearby airports’ in your search will give you the best chance of a bargain. Travelling a little bit further to a different airport could mean you secure a more direct flight, or a better price. The same can be said for your destination. If you can fly to an airport a little further from the game, and travel to it via public transport, train or a hire car, you might reduce your travel time as well as save money.” </p>
<h4 class="wp-block-heading has-text-h-4-font-size"><strong>Consider a one-way ticket: </strong></h4>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">“Mix and matching the airlines you choose to fly with can seriously cut costs. Fares don’t have to be booked as returns. Look at flying out with one airline and back with another to save money. You can easily compare prices and deals from lots of different trusted airlines on <a href="https://www.skyscanner.net/">Skyscanner.</a>” </p>
<h4 class="wp-block-heading has-text-h-4-font-size"><strong>Set up a Price Alert:</strong> </h4>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">“Airline prices are largely determined by algorithms, and if you can get online and book quickly following the draw you could get a bargain. However, any sudden surge in interest on one flight, or specific route, can mean a sharp rise in prices in the hours/days that follow. If you’re unable to book quickly, <a href="https://www.skyscanner.net/news/get-best-air-fares-skyscanner-price-alerts">setting up a Price Alert</a> will ensure you’re the first to know as prices drop with any additional discounts or added supply. If you mark a flight or flights that you’re interested in, Skyscanner will email you whenever the price goes up or down.” </p>
<hr class="wp-block-separator has-text-color has-sky-grey-tint-04-color has-css-opacity has-sky-grey-tint-04-background-color has-background is-style-wide" />
<h2 class="wp-block-heading">Information on flights from the UK to German host cities  </h2>
<p>The 2024 European football tournament will take places across ten different host cities. You can fly to direct to the host cities from most major UK airports, with the average flight time being less than two hours.</p>
<p>We’ve pulled together some recent Skyscanner data on host city airports and details on <a href="https://www.skyscanner.net/flights-to/de/cheap-flights-to-germany.html">flights from the UK to the different German cities</a>. Just click the links below for the latest flight information, times, and prices.  </p>
<p class="has-text-sm-font-size"><em>The figures were accurate at the time of writing; please click the links in the table for the latest information.  </em> </p>
<hr class="wp-block-separator has-text-color has-sky-grey-tint-04-color has-css-opacity has-sky-grey-tint-04-background-color has-background is-style-wide" />
<h2 class="wp-block-heading" id="tips-for-booking-hotels-in-German-host-cities">Tips for booking hotels in German host cities  </h2>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">If you’re searching for accommodation for your Germany 2024 football trip next summer, here are a few things you can do to help you find the best hotel deal.  </p>
<ul>
<li class="has-text-h-4-font-size"><strong>Search by cancellation policy</strong>: If your match plans aren’t yet set in stone, you might want to tick ‘free cancellation’ in your Skyscanner hotel search.   </li>
<li class="has-text-h-4-font-size"><strong>Evaluate the entire package</strong>: Sometimes you can be better off paying more for a hotel room if it comes with additional perks like free breakfasts or airports transfers.   </li>
<li class="has-text-h-4-font-size"><strong>Look at alternative locations: </strong>Hotel prices in host cities will probably be more expensive. Just be sure to weigh up the pros and cons before you commit to staying further afield.<strong> </strong> </li>
</ul>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading" id="find-a-hotel-in-the-German-host-cities">Find a hotel for Germany 2024 </h3>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">It’s common for hotel prices to be more expensive during big events. Click the links below to see the most trusted hotel providers in German host cities and use Skyscanner to compare deals to find the best price.  </p>
<hr class="wp-block-separator has-text-color has-sky-grey-tint-04-color has-css-opacity has-sky-grey-tint-04-background-color has-background is-style-wide" />
<h2 class="wp-block-heading" id="tips-for-booking-car-hire-in-Germany-host-cities">Tips for booking car hire in Germany host cities  </h2>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">Germany is well known for its reliable public transport networks, so many football fans will likely want to travel between stadiums by train or bus. However, with fans travelling from every corner of the world, we still expect to see an uptake in car hire during the month-long tournament.  </p>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">Before you start your Skyscanner search to find the best deal, <a href="https://www.skyscanner.net/news/finding-affordable-car-hire-deals">read our car hire guide</a> which is packed with insider knowledge around car hire insurance, membership discounts, and the best pick-up locations.  </p>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">Find a car hire deal for Germany 2024  </h3>
<p class="has-text-h-4-font-size">Go to the links below to browse deals from the most trusted car hire providers in German host cities.  </p>
<hr class="wp-block-separator has-alpha-channel-opacity" />
<p class="has-larken-font-family has-text-4-xl-font-size">Skyscanner can help you find the best <a href="https://www.skyscanner.net/">flights</a>, <a href="https://www.skyscanner.net/hotels">hotels </a>and <a href="https://www.skyscanner.net/carhire">car hire</a> deals for your next trip.</p>
