---
title: The 10 Hidden Gem Destinations of BC
path: /wp-98122/
date: '2022-01-29T01:42:36.000Z'
updatedDate: '2024-04-30T04:08:11.000Z'
description: >-
  8. Greenheart Treewalk – Vancouver A canopy walkway, Greenheart TreeWalk
  provides an aerial trail that allows visitors to experience the forest from an
  elevated vantage point. By exploring this lofty environment, visitor
legacyUrl: 'https://blog.hichee.com/?p=98122'
wordpressId: 98122
status: draft
categories:
  - lifty-life
  - rss
tags: []
featuredImage: >-
  https://blog.hichee.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/ali-kazal-h1L_PJuDs0o-unsplash-scaled-1.jpg
featuredImageAlt: ali-kazal-h1L_PJuDs0o-unsplash-scaled.jpg
draft: true
contentType: post
---
<div></div>
<p> <b>8. Greenheart Treewalk – Vancouver</b></p>
<p><span>A canopy walkway, Greenheart TreeWalk provides an aerial trail that allows visitors to experience the forest from an elevated vantage point. By exploring this lofty environment, visitors can learn about its flora and fauna.</span></p>
<p><span>A 310 meter-long treetop canopy walkway, located in the center of </span><a href="https://botanicalgarden.ubc.ca/files/2015/12/ubc-botancial-garden-map-2015_final.pdf"><span>UBC Botanical Garden</span></a><span>, is hung from massive Douglas fir, cedar, and grand fir trees, some of which are over 100 years old. The walkway offers a bird’s eye view of Vancouver’s amazing coastal temperate rainforest from nearly 20 meters in height. As you navigate suspended walkways and tree platforms high above the forest floor, your adventurous spirit is sure to be sparked. </span></p>
<p><span>Walk from one platform to the next at your own pace or opt for an informative tour led by knowledgeable guides. On a viewing platform 23 meters above the forest floor, you will be able to take in the sights and sounds as if you’re 23 meters above the forest floor.</span></p>
<p><span>With Greenheart’s approach, trees and habitats are impacted in the smallest possible way. A treetop canopy walkway system that is bolted into the trees can damage the trees or the delicate ecosystem surrounding them. However, the Greenheart TreeWalk does not damage trees or surrounding ecosystems. The platforms are hung from trees by an innovative cable tension system, removing the need for nails and bolts. With features like the “Tree Hugger” cable system and the “Kissing Bar”, the walkway is an excellent addition to the forest’s landscape.</span></p>
