---
title: The 4 Best Remote Work Destinations in BC
path: /wp-4234/
date: '2022-08-09T10:03:17.000Z'
updatedDate: '2022-11-09T22:26:16.000Z'
description: >-
  2. Penticton More and more remote workers are choosing to move to Penticton
  because it offers them easy access to green space, lakes, and recreation. This
  gives them a better work-life balance and gives them the freedom 
legacyUrl: 'https://blog.hichee.com/?p=4234'
wordpressId: 4234
status: draft
categories:
  - uncategorized
tags: []
featuredImage: >-
  https://blog.hichee.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/digital-nomads-gf3c527469_1920.jpg
featuredImageAlt: digital-nomads-gf3c527469_1920.jpg
draft: true
contentType: post
---
<div></div>
<h2><b>2. Penticton </b></h2>
<p>More and more remote workers are choosing to move to Penticton because it offers them easy access to green space, lakes, and recreation. This gives them a better work-life balance and gives them the freedom to do what they love!</p>
<p>Penticton is a town where you can enjoy life and make a good living at the same time. The town isn’t like any other. The town is where everyone finds their place. The summers are long and hot on the lake, and the winters are mild and dry. Bike tours offer the chance to explore award-winning wineries, world-class trails, and breathtaking views.</p>
<p>Whether you want to start a business or grow your career, Penticton is the place to do it. Because if you are someone who would love to embrace the idea that your home isn’t just where you live, it’s where you make a living, then this is one of the best remote work destinations in BC that you cannot miss!</p>
<p>There are many great places to work remotely in this beautiful region, whether you live in it or plan to go there for work. Now you know what to look for as far as remote workplaces are concerned. Oftentimes, change is the only constant in life. Therefore, don’t let boring work memories dampen your work spirits and pick your desired work destination in <a href="https://www.liftylife.ca/the-best-places-to-visit-in-bc/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">British Columbia</a>!</p>
