---
title: Best Ski Resorts Out West (US)
path: /wp-6599/
date: '2017-01-28T04:04:00.000Z'
updatedDate: '2022-11-17T00:58:54.000Z'
description: >-
  Skiing is a fantastic sport for old and young alike. Whether you head out on a
  romantic couples retreat or a family ski holiday, you will find some amazing
  ski resorts in the West that will fulfill all your snow needs. S
legacyUrl: 'https://blog.hichee.com/?p=6599'
wordpressId: 6599
status: draft
categories:
  - uncategorized
tags: []
draft: true
contentType: post
---
<div class="post-body entry-content float-container" id="post-body-1307424318316640116">
Skiing is a fantastic sport for old and young alike. Whether you head out on a romantic couples retreat or a family ski holiday, you will find some amazing ski resorts in the West that will fulfill all your snow needs. Skiers and snowboarders alike can find the perfect trails and powdery off-trail hills to get the adrenaline going. The many different resorts can offer you pampered luxury or a budget family holiday at its finest.</p>
<p><b>Vail, Colorado:</b><br />
The second largest ski resort in North America is located in Vail, Colorado. With 33 lifts and 193 trails, it&#8217;s quite obvious why. You can also find four terrain parks and seven powdery bowls here for your snow adventure. Vail averages almost 350 inches of snow yearly which makes for some great rides. Vail village has all the excitement you seek off the mountain. Shopping, dining, spas and nightlife will keep you from getting bored on your ski getaway.</p>
<p><b>Grand Targhee, Wyoming:</b><br />
With an average snowfall of 500 inches of fluffy powder snow per season, Grand Targhee is an excellent choice for skiing. The Nordic skiing trails are awesome, and you can also check out some snowshoeing or even take a sleigh ride. Two mountain peaks boast over 2,500 acres of awesome slopes. Beginners or advanced skiers can enjoy the variety of difficulties. Ski in-ski out accommodations are available at many of the fine resorts.</p>
<p><b>Bridger Bowl, Montana:</b><br />
For the advanced skier looking for a challenge, Bridger Bowl offers a lift for expert skiers only. To be admitted to the lift riders must have in their possession an avalanche transceiver in case of being buried in the snow. Having a partner and a shovel with you would also be a wise investment. With open bowls and cliff drops, there are plenty of challenges for you to take on. Prices are quite reasonable compared to other resorts. Plenty of events and races take place here, and they even have childcare for your convenience.</p>
<p><b>Taos Ski Valley, New Mexico:</b><br />
Once barren of snowboarders, Taos is now welcoming snowboarders as well as skiers to its mountain. 110 trails total are available, with half of them being expert slopes. Over 15,000 skiers per hour are brought to the top of the mountain on lifts. There are some amazing hiking areas that will bring you to a fantastic ride and awesome views. Tubing is also available for some great family fun. A variety of restaurants and bars are available offering everything from pizza, burgers, authentic German fare and even low carb specials.</p>
<p><b>Mount Bachelor, Oregon:</b><br />
Skiing, snowboarding, tubing and sled dog rides are just a few of the exhilarating activities offered at Mount Bachelor. With the highest ski elevation in all of Washington and Oregon, 71 runs and an average snowfall of 387 inches, you will definitely get the most of your ski experience. Excellent opportunities for beginners to learn the sport, and the beginners lift is free. Kids also ski free with paying adult. The views from the top of this volcanic peak are breathtaking.</p>
<p><b>Mount Baker, Washington:</b><br />
This awesome mountain holds the world record for snowfall in a single season at 1,140 inches, which fell in the season of 1998-1999. The yearly snowfall averages about 641 inches, the highest in the world. 38 trails and a 1,500 foot vertical rise will give you some awesome terrain to hit the slopes on. Snowmobiling, snow bikes and tubing are among many other sports you can engage in.</p>
<p><i>Megan Gates is an active blogger who provides written work to the blogosphere pertaining to </i><a href="http://www.elliman.com/new-york-city" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><i>NYC Apartments</i></a><i>, </i><a href="http://www.elliman.com/long-island/hamptons-north-fork" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><i>Hamptons Homes</i></a><i>, home improvement and the latest architecture, design, fashion and travel.  Follow her on twitter @MEGatesDesign.</i>
</p>
</div>
<p>This article was first published at https://blog.connectingrentals.com/2012/02/megan-gates-is-active-blogger-who.html	</p>
