---
title: A Personalized Luxury Holiday Getaway
path: /wp-6595/
date: '2017-12-08T00:34:00.000Z'
updatedDate: '2022-11-17T00:58:54.000Z'
description: >-
  If you are looking for the best Holiday getaway this year for you and your
  spouse or your entire family, look no further. Below are some ideas for
  getting away in style for this holiday season, all while pampering yourse
legacyUrl: 'https://blog.hichee.com/?p=6595'
wordpressId: 6595
status: draft
categories:
  - uncategorized
tags: []
draft: true
contentType: post
---
<div class="post-body entry-content float-container" id="post-body-5291284193140153457">
If you are looking for the best Holiday getaway this year for you and your spouse or your entire family, look no further.  Below are some ideas for getting away in style for this holiday season, all while pampering yourself and finding some time to relax.</p>
<p>The mountains of Park City, Utah offer a great luxury getaway that includes not only some of the best skiing in the world, but also some of the best accommodations.  You can rent a ski-in, ski-out house on the mountain in Deer Valley for a family, or pick one of the many five star hotels in the area for a romantic couple getaway.  The area is full of nice spas and other ways to pamper yourself while also enjoying the beautiful views of the Wasatch Mountains as you stroll around Main Street&#8217;s high-end designer shops.  It truly is a magical place during the holidays.</p>
<p>If you are looking for a warmer getaway this year, consider a cruise in the Mediterranean Sea.  Cruising into the Greek Isles, along the shores of Italy&#8217;s Amalfi Coast, or over to Spain, any Mediterranean Sea cruise will not disappoint.  Many of today&#8217;s cruise ships come complete with a balcony view, spas galore, and more gourmet food than you can imagine.  It is a great way to leave behind the day-to-day life and concentrate on celebrating you.  Families and couples alike will enjoy a cruise.</p>
<p>A third suggestion for a luxury getaway this holiday season is in Northern California&#8217;s wine country.  Romantic for a couple, this area of the country features many quaint vineyards and wineries that are sure not to disappoint.  Spend some time navigating the hills of San Francisco, or drive on down to Half Moon Bay, just south of the city, to enjoy some of the most romantic and dramatic views of the Pacific Ocean that you cannot even imagine.  Behold the magic of the Pacific Northwest this holiday season.</p>
<p>Finally, if none of these other destinations strikes your fancy, perhaps renting a flat to spend a week in <a href="http://www.elliman.com/new-york-city" target="_blank" rel="noopener">New York City real estate</a> is more your style.  New York City is a great place during the holidays in that it is full of fun Broadway shows, horse-drawn carriage rides through Central Park, as well as many fantastic shopping districts that will surely keep any fashionista entertained for days.  New York City is quite possibly the most romantic city during this festive season.</p>
<p>Wherever your spirit takes you this year, may it be brightened by all that the holidays have to offer.  Happy Holidays to you and yours.</p>
<p><i>This information is written by Ken Torrino, web relations for Elliman, brokers for NYC, <a href="http://www.elliman.com/new-york-city/queens" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Queens Real Estate</a>.</i>
</p>
</div>
<p>This article was first published at https://blog.connectingrentals.com/2013/01/a-personalized-luxury-holiday-getaway.html	</p>
