---
title: The 3 Best Alternatives to HomeAway and VRBO
path: /wp-6511/
date: '2020-07-22T20:30:00.000Z'
updatedDate: '2022-11-17T00:58:39.000Z'
description: >-
  The three best alternatives to Homeaway and VRBO based on current market
  share, secured funding, future growth potential, and changing market
  demographics are: ConnectingRentals.com List Your Property ConnectingRentals.c
legacyUrl: 'https://blog.hichee.com/?p=6511'
wordpressId: 6511
status: draft
categories:
  - uncategorized
tags: []
draft: true
contentType: post
---
<div class="post-body entry-content float-container" id="post-body-4846840689239087564">
The three best alternatives to Homeaway and VRBO based on current market share, secured funding, future growth potential, and changing market demographics are:<br />
<b><br /></b><br />
<b>ConnectingRentals.com</b><br />
<a href="https://www.connectingrentals.com/registration" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List Your Property</a></p>
<div class="MsoNormal">
ConnectingRentals.com brings people, places, and properties together in cities and towns around the World. With vacation rental listings in 20+ countries and a mission to provide the strongest and most trusted brand specific to vacation rentals, Connecting Rentals is poised for rapid expansion as they move toward 2020.</p>
<p>The people behind ConnectingRentals.com have personally booked and serviced reservations across all major platforms since 1994. Backed by years of first-hand experience, they deliver a flexible vacation rental marketing alternative that makes connecting Owners with Guests safe, fast and easy.</p>
</div>
<p><b><br /></b><br />
<b>Booking.com Vacation Rentals</b><br />
<a href="https://join.booking.com/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List Your Property</a></p>
<p>With a mission to empower people to experience the world, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. Booking.com connects travelers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay – including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&#038;Bs, to 5-star luxury resorts, tree houses, and even igloos. The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages, offer 29,069,365 total reported listings, and cover 143,171 destinations in 230 countries and territories worldwide.</p>
<p>Every day, more than 1,550,000 room nights are reserved on the Booking.com platform. So whether traveling for business or leisure, customers can instantly book their ideal accommodations quickly and easily with Booking.com – without booking fees and backed by their promise to price match. Customers can reach Booking.com 24/7 for assistance and support in over 40 languages, anytime day or night.
</p>
<div class="MsoNormal">
<span style="background-color: #fcfcfc;"><br /></span><br />
<b>TripAdvisor Rentals</b><br />
<a href="https://rentals.tripadvisor.com/register" target="_blank" rel="noopener">List Your Property</a></p>
<p>TripAdvisor Rentals is a leading platform where thousands of travelers find their perfect rental. Whether you’re looking for a stylish city apartment, spacious poolside villa or cozy cabin, they have the rental for you, no matter what your budget or where you want to be in the world.</p>
<p>Using the power of TripAdvisor’s global travel community, TripAdvisor Rentals pairs the insider knowledge of homeowners with the collective wisdom of millions of reviews. You’ll discover not only the best vacation rentals, but the best attractions, the best restaurants, and the best things to do.</p>
<p>TripAdvisor Rentals travelers always stay the smarter way, thanks to a wealth of insider recommendations. TripAdvisor is an ever-growing resource where you can plan and book every part of your trip in one place. You can know better, book better, and go better.
</p>
<div>
</div>
</div>
<p><i>Ingrid Genest is a travel blogger specializing in alternative lodging trends, marketing, and advertising including Vacation Rentals, Inns, B &#038; B&#8217;s, private rooms, and sublets.</i>
</div>
<p>This article was first published at https://blog.connectingrentals.com/2012/03/3-best-alternatives-to-homeaway-and.html	</p>
